Our researchers finally paid off. We've opened the wormhole, but we still don't quite know where or when we've landed.
This place feels familiar, but it's from another time, a land of superstition in ancient ways.
The people here are poor and hungry.
Soon after we arrived, some guards found us. Thankfully we convinced them of our mission.
We're from the future here to help save their crops.
Now we've been summoned by the king. Tomorrow we'll meet him to see what we can do to help.
Welcome to Everblum. Take a look at my fields. Half of the crops are flourishing but the other half. They're withering away.
This is the first harvest of our prize Sunblum grain, a special hearty crop that we've poured a great deal of gold into.
And we were so careful in choosing this plot. The soil is even and the rains have been plentiful. Everything should be perfect.
But look at the shadow cast over the dying crops. The small folks say it's just the castle, but the mage's whisper it's a bad omen.
I don't know what to believe, but I can't ignore what's happening. If we lose this harvest we risk more than just gold. We risk the future of this kingdom.